, in the end the people who live in such an office don't jump off the building
, yes, the bank jumps off the building again, tell you, so be careful of the
impact that the banks encounter, I don't do this.  The
equivalent of 600,000 square meters of area has not died.  That's the case.
Of course it represents Hong Kong?  The environment is extremely bad, old sun many
people that is you for example you do business well
.  Say you are a corporate listed company, you will over buy some
business out to rent, before this was a very stable thing.  I don't know Mr.
Lee can see earlier, see this one thing, one is dead.
Others still buy office to come what is it?  So this you do not know the
situation you will not wait for him again, I tell you and many people
what Hong Kong film class long mud use it, in a few more years there is no film
of the ghost air frame, that is to shoot big things  It's shooting
things, AI comes that will be generated into some movies, and what the hell,
silly people so this era is still playing here?  Being an actor is complicated
, sun, okay so yeah, so technology is very important.  In this way, the